Examples (#2)
Lightning-AI/LAI-Triton-Server-Component: README.md

app = L.LightningApp(TorchvisionServer(cloud_compute=cloud_compute))
```

### Install lightning

> If you don't have lightning installed yet, Install it using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have lightning installed yet, install it using
```

```bash
pip install -U lightning
```

> ### Run it locally

Reviewer: can we also add a link to install docker https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/

lightning run app torch_vision_server.py --setup --cloud
```

## More examples

> We have added more examples that uses different datatypes in the example directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out more examples that serve different model types in the example directory. 
```
